Lightening network---Routing fee
Scarce ..21 million ...no taxable event...Perfectly inelastic supply...

why use in int. payment to customer? Simplicity, no burden of managing key
Charges by exchange (0.05%), but more for retial
Not FDIC insured, not trustworthy

Why bank?  
Bitcoin is not scalable. Tradeoff between Security(100 Exhash, Joule?, Again decentralized compared to US navy, 51% atack , incentive structure ), Decentralization and Scalability
4MB block size(understand it)
6 transactiobn/ second ( like Fed Wire)...Final settlement between Banks and Central Banks
Lightening --> Very fast , but hot wallet. Otherwise your partner can cheat (understand). Not a significant value can be stored . Also need managing payment channels.+ Tax calculation(sepate chargeable feature beyond 50 tranactions).Save privacy by avoiding 3rd party tax calculator

Need custodial layer2 solution for retail and institutions ( all won't like to take the headache of maintaining hot ( may be cold ) wallet)

Why company will hold in its balanceshet?
Ali baba
Companies are used by govt( Inflation, capital control( A company in Nigeria hold bitcoin in a custodial wallet held by Barclays))

It won't attract physical attack, a 2 min advance notice , we can send all funds to New York. Enymy cannot take the money unlike Gold

21 million hardcap. Whatever human ingennuity is going to produce in after 50 years, I have the financial muscle to buy 1/21 million of that.  If you are betting on Single family home,
in long run you are betting againt common human ingenuity. SOme man or woman  , somewhere in the world is gonna find a way to make it better if it has utility value. Point to note that Bitcoin has no utility value . It has only
moneytary value. Like Gold utility value 1 trillion (verify) and Gold's moneytariy premium 10 trillion USD. Real Estate goes us as Rich want a better store of value (3BHK appartment is not expanding at that fast rate). Then
comes prime realestate.Sizeable portion of people believe this. We can cater them

Price driving factor:
Govt spending going to increase ( borrow from market, Fed will issue new money)
If etf approved , 100s of billions of dollar are coming. 118x factor
Hyperinflation in Africa, Argentina etc


Business model1: Make custodial wallet, borrow against that at low interest rate, if good cibil score , borrow beyound that at higher interest rate

Business model2: Custodial wallet for firm and HNI

Business model2: Help Bank of England roll out CBDC

Business model 3: Provide secure encryption service to other company

Business model 4: Improve security in credit card by implementing public key cryptograpy ( not related to Bitcoin )


Risks: leak of pvt keys


Core will be our bitcoin implementation. It has potential to be a whole dedicated TC by 2030


Implmentation:
cold storage: PIN of locker---> Signing device (BIP 32 seed(HD wallet),Print QR code and  Naminate it or auto inscribe in a metal sheet)

Emergency send button to predefined address ( in case of war)

POC:
Bitcoin signature of hash of press release


John was 1st commented on our presntation.
Some board member appeciated it just AFTER THE Presentation . And some in the end of presentation.


What is my objective and how that align with Barclay's objective?
A role of 
Digital Asset Developer or
Financial Technology Developer( if Barclays want to keep the development as secret until the roll out of product)
Hiring freeze provides exception for niche area.       
We will create prototype , then we can rigourously test it.( DDOS attack, attempt to reveal private key, right balance between scalability and security etc, audit by CSO)
The moment, our leadership decide to release a product we can scale the prototype and release that in matter of 4-8 weeks.
Or keep everything at pre-release state and rollout the product in matter of few days ( will cost company more to keep it in stand by)


If we do not do any of the above, and later we decide to implement this at that time cost of hiring a single  Bitcoin developer will be in millions(just like HFT graduate going in HFT field ) and it will take 3-4 quarters to do poc , release in non prod , test the prod and then release the product.
Analogy: A company working only with desktop in office and now want to/ sorry it needs to switch to laptop during the starting of covid lockdown. At that moment cost to switch to laptop was too high compared to the firm which switched
to laptop before covid lockdown. 
These type of compensation is justifield , because they are very very few in no. also they are taking a huge carrier risk by working on such a niche area.
Ex- My previous LM in ESaaS Harish's meeting with Lisa. ANd noy Elastic Search has huge impact in Barclays


Unclrelated from deprecian of a fiat. Resilience
