We are planning to hit two birds with a single stone
Human civilization has a modern Banking history of 400 years; We have not only existed for more than 350 years, we have thrived in that period.  The way of Banking changes every few decades  technology is going to drive this sector and we are going to get a technology-based asset class.
We predict that Banking system will get a new mainstream  financial asset  within the next 1 to 3 years and if we harness its potential, we will be able to add 10 Billion pound worth of collateral under management and 1 Billion GBP in Interest revenue.
And our 2nd target is that 
The Same technological implementation will be able to protect Barclays from threats coming from misuse of AI like AI bots and deep fake videos.

Slide 3: within 5 min 

Let’s discuss some macroeconomic events to figure out that asset class
This article from June 21st  of this year says that Dogebank requests for a license to custody Bitcoin for its customers.
This is a Bloomberg article, again an article by mainstream media highlights  how Bitcoin helps solve Global warming.
The global Warming Potential of Methane is 80 times of CO2. Landfill releases lots of methane during the natural process of decomposition. If we convert methane to CO2 by burning it , it releases energy. Bitcoin miners use this energy to run bitcoin mining rigs, thus Bitcoin  incentivizes more landfills to implement this. Ex- Nodal Power
Torture like child labour with gold and diamond mining
Earlier accounting standard for Bitcoin was indefinite-lived intangible assets, where if the price goes down, the company has to book a loss. again the company cannot separate it as an Investment loss from the operating loss. And Company cannot show the price appreciation in the balancesheet unless the company books profit and triggers a taxable event. But since beginning of 2024, company will be able able  to do fair value accounting for bitcoin on its balance shit just like any other mainstream financial asset.
SEC is the financial regulator for securities in US.
Blackrock is the largest assest manager in the world, they are highly connected and influential in some aspects. They would not have applied for a bitcoin spot etf if they did not think that it is achievable. And they would also not be rolling out this product if they did not think there would be good demand for this product 
Grayscale earlier applied to SEC to convert its Bitcoin trust to a spot etf. When SEC denied their application, Grayscale sued SEC in US court and the court  said in the verdict that SEC denied the Grayscale’s application with wrong reasons.
Slide 4:
These are the mainstream financial institutions that currently have a spot bitcoin etf application open with SEC. These include BlackRock(with AUM above 9 trillion) , Fidelity, Franklin Templeton (with AUM 1.5 trillion) . Currently there are 10 such financial institutions whose combine AUM is over 17 Trillion USD.
Slide 5:
If we analyze the track record of Black rock , it has so far applied for 576 ETFs and it got approval for 575 . So approval of a spot bitcoin etf is no longer a question of if , but it is a question of when.  Blackrock has a success rate of 99.8% 
Slide 6:
 So we are predicting with 99.8% accuracy that Financial institutions  are  going to embrace a new asset called Bitcoin and make it mainstream. When we will have a new asset, as a  bank , Barclays will have an oppertutiy for additional revenue streams. We will do , what banks usually do. Lending  Our 1st revenue stream can be lending againsted  Bitcoin as collateral. 
()
And by extending collateralized loan against Bitcoin, we would be taking little to no financial risks. Just to compare it with Home loan, we need to deploy an army of employees to verify papers of each property, physical visit to access the property . And even after that if the value of real state crashes, we can not demand customer to put additional collateral for home loan. And if the customer defaults, it easily takes 1 year to liquidate  a real state property  to get its fair value.
In other hand , we can keep loan to value ratio at max 50% . If a customer puts 10 Million pounds as collateral , we will extend him loan upto 5 miilion pound. And if the price of bitcoin falls , the customer will get a margin call. We will have our limit sell order set and the momemt the value of his collaterals drop to 5.5 million pound , we will instantly liquidate it in a regulated bitcoin exchange. We just need a teams of 20 developers to maintain this automated system unlike the Home loan.

Again bitcoin has Perfect inelastic supply, and if price skyrockets due to  institutional demands once spot etf is approved , our revenue potential from this underlaying asset will also sky rocket.
Year to date up by 80%
Slide 7:
Some institutional client might not simply hand over their Bitcoin to Bank . For example, Tesla has 200 million USD worth of Bitcoin in its balance sheet. Now, suppose Tesla wants a loan against its bitcoin as collateral, but at the same time Tesla will ensure that Bank A has not spent it or spent a portion of it. Tesla will send the collateral to a bitcoin address generated using 3 private keys. It will be a 2 out of 3 multi sig wallet. This means at least 2 party needs to sign the transaction with their private key to move funds out of that address. 1 private key will be with Tesla, one with Bank A, and one with Barclays. If the institutional client defaults then Bank A will request Barclays to sign the transaction . And after verifying if really the institutional client has defaulted on the loan, Barclays will sign the transaction and Bank A will be able to liquidate the collateral.  In this way Tesla can be sure that its collateral is secure even if Bank A goes out of business.

Slide 8
Here she is Lucy. She studies in a university in London. Her mother wants to send her money from India. But every time she sends money to Lucy , there is flat charge of 20-50 pound and upto 5% of amout is lost in sending that money due to fees chaged by forex dealers, spread in forex market.,  Her Local bank charges 3.5% + 18% GST as forex currency mark up fee. And again it takes 3-5 working days for that amount to be credited in Tanya’s account

Here this is a institutions that works for betterment of environment and this is Nick in Morocco wants to donates the institute but the institute does not have banking partner in Morocco. And Nick is underbanked.
Now if Lucy’s mother and Nick have bitcoin , they can send it to Barclays and we will immediately liquidate it and deposit the proceeds in GBP to Lucy;s account and the institution’s account.
This whole transaction can be settled in 10-20 mins instead of a few days including on bank holidays.
This idea is not my unique idea. A company called strike has already implemented this. Strike is not a bank , but it has money transmitter liscence in many jurisdictions.  it provides this service ( i.e. Faster international Payment on Bitcoin rails ) in around 60 countries including US via its banking partners in those counties.
So UK annually receives around 4 billion pound as inward remittance. If 10 % of such funds come in this channel and we just charge 1% transaction fee , our revenue will be 4 million. Not a great amount. But point to note that this is coming at no additional cost of implemention because same set up used for previous 2 revenue streams will be used here. Again international students based  in UK will be more likely to prefer Barclays over another bank because here they will have 1 additional way to recive remittance faster and with cheaper fees . Again those institutions who receive funds from abroad will likely to be our custoners for the same reason. This revenue model might help us increasing our customer base. 


Trade-off between security and scalability
We would have mastered the art of securing private key


•	AI can make deepfake video of our CEO(give any hypothetical example). With advancement in AI, AI can make more compelling video , more interesting video at a faster rate than than the actual human that AI is trying mimic.
•	We will use the same system to authenticate communication from Barclays. Any message signed by these private keys will validate the content of it. Thus a twitter account hack accompanied by multiple subsequent  deep fake videos of CEO will have minimal effect. If such attack ever happens, resilience of Barclays will boost investor confidence.

